@document.meta
title: Complex Neorg Test
description: A test document with complex Neorg formatting
authors: Claude
categories: test, conversion
created: 2025-05-19
version: 1.0.0
@end

* Complex Neorg Test Document

This document tests various Neorg formatting features to ensure they're properly converted to Markdown.

** 1. Inline Formatting

Here's some *bold text* and some /italic text/. You can also have */bold and italic/* together.

This is some -strikethrough text- and some _underlined text_ which might not convert well.

For code, we use `inline code spans` that should remain unchanged.

** 2. Links and Images

Neorg has {(https://example.com)}[regular links] and {(https://example.com/image.jpg)}[image: an example image].

You can also do {(https://example.com/page(nested))}[links with parentheses in the URL].

** 3. Block Elements

*** 3.1 Code Blocks

@code javascript
// This is a code block with language
function example() {
  return "Hello, world!";
}
@end

@code
This is a code block without language
@end

*** 3.2 Quotes

@quote
This is a blockquote in Neorg.

It can contain multiple paragraphs.

- And even lists
- With multiple items
@end

*** 3.3 Lists

Unordered lists:
- First item
- Second item
  - Nested item
  - Another nested item
- Third item

Ordered lists:
# First item
# Second item
  # Nested ordered item
  # Another nested ordered item
# Third item

Task lists:
- ( ) Unchecked task
- (x) Completed task
  - ( ) Nested unchecked task
  - (x) Nested completed task

*** 3.4 Definition Lists

$ Term
  Definition of the term that spans
  multiple lines and provides detailed information.

$ Another Term
  A shorter definition.

** 4. Complex Nesting

You can nest *bold with /italic/ inside it* or /italic with *bold* inside it/.

@quote
> This quote contains *formatting* and {(https://example.com)}[links]
> It also has multiple lines with /various/ styles
@end

** 5. Tables

@table
| Header 1 | Header 2 | Header 3 |
|----------|----------|----------|
| Cell 1   | Cell 2   | Cell 3   |
| Cell 4   | Cell 5   | Cell 6   |
@end

** 6. Footnotes

Here's some text with a footnote^[1] and another footnote^[note2].

** 7. Horizontal Rules

---

* Conclusion

This document shows most of the important Neorg formatting options that should be handled by a converter.